# PostRebuildNodeBalancerConfigRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**algorithm** | Option<**String**> | The algorithm this HTTPS NodeBalancer uses for routing traffic to backends. | [optional][default to Roundrobin]
**check** | Option<**String**> | The type of check to perform against backends to ensure they are serving requests. This is used to determine if backends are up or down.  - If `none` no check is performed. - `connection` requires only a connection to the backend to succeed. - `http` and `http_body` rely on the backend serving HTTP, and that the response returned matches what is expected. | [optional][default to None]
**check_attempts** | Option<**i32**> | How many times to attempt a check before considering a backend to be down. | [optional][default to 3]
**check_body** | Option<**String**> | Use when the active health `check` type is `http_body`. This value must be present in the response body of the check in order for it to pass. If this value is not present in the response body of a check request, the backend is considered to be down. | [optional]
**check_interval** | Option<**i32**> | How often, in seconds, to check that backends are up and serving requests.  Must be greater than `check_timeout`. | [optional][default to 5]
**check_passive** | Option<**bool**> | If `true`, any response from this backend with a `5xx` status code will be enough for it to be considered unhealthy and taken out of rotation. | [optional][default to true]
**check_path** | Option<**String**> | The URL path to check on each backend. Use when the active health `check` type is `http`. If the backend doesn't respond to this request, it's considered to be down. | [optional]
**check_timeout** | Option<**i32**> | How long, in seconds, to wait for a check attempt before considering it failed.  Must be less than `check_interval`. | [optional][default to 3]
**cipher_suite** | Option<**String**> | What ciphers to use for SSL connections served by this NodeBalancer.  - `legacy` is considered insecure and should only be used if necessary. | [optional][default to Recommended]
**id** | Option<**i32**> | __Read-only__ This config's unique ID. | [optional][readonly]
**nodebalancer_id** | Option<**i32**> | __Read-only__ The ID for the NodeBalancer this config belongs to. | [optional][readonly]
**nodes** | [**Vec<models::PostRebuildNodeBalancerConfigRequestAllOfNodesInner>**](post_rebuild_node_balancer_config_request_allOf_nodes_inner.md) | The NodeBalancer nodes that serve this config.  Some considerations for Nodes when rebuilding a config:    - Current Nodes excluded from the request body will be deleted from the Config.   - Current Nodes (identified by their Node ID) will be updated.   - New Nodes (included without a Node ID) will be created. | 
**nodes_status** | Option<[**models::TcpNodesStatus**](TCP_nodes_status.md)> |  | [optional]
**port** | Option<**i32**> | This is the port the NodeBalancer listens on for this configuration. Port numbers must be unique across TCP, HTTP, and HTTPS configurations on a single NodeBalancer. However, ports assigned to TCP, HTTP, or HTTPS configurations can also be reused for UDP configurations. For example, Port 80 can simultaneously serve a TCP and a UDP configuration on the same NodeBalancer, but it can't be shared by both a TCP and an HTTP configuration. Although certain ports are traditionally associated with specific protocols, this isn't strictly enforced, and you may configure your NodeBalancer however you find useful. | [optional][default to 80]
**protocol** | Option<**String**> | The protocol the port is configured to serve, `https` in this case.  - The `https` protocol is mutually required with `ssl_cert` and `ssl_key`.  Review our guide on [Available protocols](https://techdocs.akamai.com/cloud-computing/docs/available-protocols) for information on protocol features. | [optional][default to http]
**proxy_protocol** | Option<**String**> | __Read-only__ Not applicable for HTTPS configs. | [optional][readonly][default to none]
**ssl_cert** | Option<**String**> |  The PEM-formatted public SSL certificate (or the combined PEM-formatted SSL certificate and Certificate Authority chain) that should be served on this NodeBalancerConfig's port.  Line breaks must be represented as `\\n` in the string for requests (but not when using the Linode CLI).  [Diffie-Hellman Parameters](https://www.linode.com/docs/products/networking/nodebalancers/guides/ssl-termination/#diffie-hellman-parameters) can be included in this value to enable forward secrecy.  The contents of this field will not be shown in any responses that display the NodeBalancerConfig. Instead, `<REDACTED>` will be printed where the field appears.  The read-only `ssl_commonname` and `ssl_fingerprint` fields in a NodeBalancerConfig response are automatically derived from your certificate. Please refer to these fields to verify that the appropriate certificate was assigned to your NodeBalancerConfig. | [optional]
**ssl_commonname** | Option<**String**> | __Read-only__ The read-only common name automatically derived from the SSL certificate assigned to this NodeBalancerConfig. Please refer to this field to verify that the appropriate certificate is assigned to your NodeBalancerConfig. | [optional][readonly]
**ssl_fingerprint** | Option<**String**> | __Read-only__ The read-only SHA1-encoded fingerprint automatically derived from the SSL certificate assigned to this NodeBalancerConfig. Please refer to this field to verify that the appropriate certificate is assigned to your NodeBalancerConfig. | [optional][readonly]
**ssl_key** | Option<**String**> | The PEM-formatted private key for the SSL certificate set in the `ssl_cert` field.  Line breaks must be represented as `\\n` in the string for requests (but not when using the Linode CLI).  The contents of this field will not be shown in any responses that display the NodeBalancerConfig. Instead, `<REDACTED>` will be printed where the field appears.  The read-only `ssl_commonname` and `ssl_fingerprint` fields in a NodeBalancerConfig response are automatically derived from your certificate. Please refer to these fields to verify that the appropriate certificate was assigned to your NodeBalancerConfig. | [optional]
**stickiness** | Option<**String**> | Controls how session stickiness is handled on this port.  - If set to `none`, connections will always be assigned a backend based on the algorithm configured. - If set to `table`, sessions from the same remote address will be routed to the same backend. - For HTTP or HTTPS clients, `http_cookie` allows sessions to be routed to the same backend based on a cookie set by the NodeBalancer. | [optional][default to Table]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


