# PutLinodeConfig200ResponseInterfacesInner

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**active** | Option<**bool**> | __Read-only__ Returns `true` if the interface is in use, meaning that the Linode has been booted using the configuration profile to which the interface belongs. | [optional][readonly]
**id** | Option<**i32**> | __Read-only__ The unique ID representing this interface. | [optional][readonly]
**ip_ranges** | Option<**Vec<String>**> | IPv4 CIDR VPC subnet ranges that are routed to this interface.  When included in a request:  - A range can't include any addresses that are assigned to an active Linode or another VPC subnet.  - When updating, you need to include any existing ranges to maintain them. If a range is left out, it will be removed.  - Submit this as an empty array removes all existing values.  - Omit this object to leave existing values as is.  <<LB>>  > 📘 > > This is only supported for interfaces with a `purpose` of `vpc`. | [optional]
**ipam_address** | Option<**String**> | This interface's private IP address in classless inter-domain routing (CIDR) notation.  For interfaces with a `purpose` of `public`:  - If you include this in a request, set it to an empty string (`\"\"`) or `null`.  - Returned as `null` in a response.  For interfaces with a `purpose` of `vlan`:  - To avoid conflicting addresses, make sure this value is unique for each `vlan` interface.  - This should be unique among devices attached to the VLAN to avoid conflict.  - If Network Helper is enabled, the Linode's interface will be automatically configured to use this address after the Linode is rebooted. If Network Helper is disabled, enable the address using [manual static IP configuration](https://www.linode.com/docs/guides/manual-network-configuration/).  For interfaces with a `purpose` of `vpc`:  - If you include this in a request, set it to an empty string (`\"\"`) or `null`.  - Returned as `null` in a response. | [optional]
**ipv4** | Option<[**models::PutLinodeConfig200ResponseInterfacesInnerIpv4**](put_linode_config_200_response_interfaces_inner_ipv4.md)> |  | [optional]
**label** | Option<**String**> | __Filterable__ The name of this interface.  For interfaces with a `purpose` of `vlan`:  - Required.  - This needs to be unique among a Linode's interfaces. A Linode can't be attached to the same VLAN multiple times.  - This can only contain ASCII letters, numbers, and dashes (`-`). You can't use two consecutive dashes (`--`).  - If the VLAN label is new, a VLAN is created. Up to 10 VLANs can be created in each data center `region`. To view your active VLANs, run the [List VLANs](https://techdocs.akamai.com/linode-api/reference/get-vlans) operation.  For interfaces with a `purpose` of `public`:  - If you include this in a request, set it to an empty string (`\"\"`) or `null`.  - Returned as `null` in a response.  For interfaces with a `purpose` of `vpc`:  - If you include this in a request, set it to an empty string (`\"\"`) or `null`.  - Returned as `null` in a response. | [optional]
**primary** | Option<**bool**> | The default route to the Linode. Each Linode can have one interface set as its `primary`. If you haven't specifically set a `primary`, the first non-`vlan` type interface is automatically treated as the primary.  > 📘 > > This needs to be set to `false` for any interface that uses `vlan` as its `purpose`. | [optional]
**purpose** | **String** | The type of interface. This can be `public`, `vlan`, or `vpc`.  For interfaces with a `purpose` of `public`:  - You can only define one `public` interface per Linode.  - The Linode's default public IPv4 address is assigned to the `public` interface.  - A Linode needs a `public` interface in the first or `eth0` position to be reachable via the public internet, after it boots. If no `public` interface is configured, you can only access the Linode through [LISH](https://www.linode.com/docs/products/compute/compute-instances/guides/lish/), or through another Linode that's connected to the same VLAN or VPC.  For interfaces with a `purpose` of `vlan`:  - Configuring this `purpose` of interface attaches a Linode to the VLAN with the specified `label`.  - If an `ipam_address` is configured, the Linode uses this address.  For interfaces with a `purpose` of `vpc`:  - Configuring this `purpose` of interface attaches a Linode to an existing VPC subnet with the specified `subnet_id`.  - When the interface is activated, the Linode is configured to use an IP address from the range in the assigned VPC subnet. See `ipv4.vpc` for more information. | 
**subnet_id** | Option<**i32**> | The `id` of the VPC subnet for this interface. Use this value in a request to assign a Linode to a VPC subnet.  - Required for `vpc` type interfaces.  - Returned as `null` for non-`vpc` type interfaces.  - Once you've assigned a VPC subnet to an interface, you can't update it.  - You need to reboot a Linode using the interface's configuration profile to assign the Linode to a VPC subnet. | [optional]
**vpc_id** | Option<**i32**> | __Read-only__ The `id` of the VPC configured for this interface. Returned as `null` for non-`vpc` type interfaces. | [optional][readonly]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


